what a great one I went to baddest and
wanted to drive home I want to home and
polish myself off and lastly boy sleep
and I masturbate no I polished myself hi
no not that way by polish must be
masturbating no I polished my did good
hey that was great when it's gonna be me
their strategy for getting us off
efficiently set the scene bro well we're
bout to explode what's that oh we're
gonna rock some chicken wings desire to
be a I'm costco special to roll Sunday
yeah they have like 800 years container
set up ready to go like chicken
apocalypse over there chicken for the
pay the price oh wow Jesse shop holy
shit unexpected kabhi kabhi kabhi kabhi
kabhi kabhi kabhi kabhi copy copy copy
copy copy yes there's my twisted muscle
my hand he was already passed I'm gonna
get there in this motion okay past got
323 why why would you not get all you
could possibly hope to eat I welcome
back to the Daily BS got a question for
someone on Twitter you don't want me
left on Super Bowl Sunday think man I
wish I'd like I've got one more thing
wings that's good because it makes me
look like they feel like an asshole when
I 10 other oh yeah tens that is not even
that impressive I know but if someone
just showed up to a party with one of
these a bit completely 9 8 10 I would be
a dick and got me teach class this one
this technique is on point though bro so
wrong time motherfucker swirl on tap
I'll be forgiven for picking up the
wrong fucking phone but that one has
your face in it oh yes he's got his
driver's license backwards that doesn't
make any sense the only clue is that how
you gonna are gonna be able to show the
doorman you're fucking on my own doorman
that there it is nuggets and pearls
honey oh yeah I'm writing like Chris
Farley you spelled my phone supposed to
be a why what sure you suck it like blew
my mind how do I like I'm John Tomic
doubting everything in my life I do I
not know how to spell life i spelled OV
e and I looked over and I yet Oh F and I
was like I remember that being my the
first experience I ever had cheating on
it says what's up with the palm tree
town side it's penis so pious palm tree
is painful truth so it's very sort of
subtle pain tree it would be so put some
salt bangs on their palm tree of old man
be okay yeah it doesn't matter you
should take it sharp I think I should
take a sharpie no I've got big permanent
marks on my fucking body hey Bonnie no
this is enough